Fix django-content-settings link #HSFDPMUW (#362)
wsvincent/awesome-django: README.md

- [environs](https://github.com/sloria/environs) - Simplified environment variable parsing that comes with a [Django helper](https://github.com/sloria/environs#usage-with-django) that installs additional packages.
<!--lint enable double-link-->
- [django-classy-settings](https://github.com/funkybob/django-classy-settings) - Class-based settings to keep your environments in order, with easy access to typed environment variables.

> - [django-content-settings](https://django-content-settings.readthedocs.io/en/master/) - Easily create and manage editable typed variables directly from the Django admin panel.

Reviewer: Let's point to the repo instead: 

```suggestion
- [django-content-settings](https://github.com/occipital/django-content-settings) - Easily create and manage editable typed variables directly from the Django admin panel.
```
